---
title: "Boise Cascade reports fourth quarter and full year 2025 results"
url: "https://www.bc.com/boise-cascade-reports-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2025-results/"
date: "Mon, 23 Feb 2026 21:15:44 +0000"
author: "amyevans"
feed_url: "https://www.bc.com/feed/"
---
<p>BOISE, IDAHO — Boise Cascade Company (“Boise Cascade,” the “Company,” “we,” or “our”) (NYSE: BCC) today reported fourth quarter net income of $8.7 million, or $0.24 per share, on sales of $1.5 billion. For the full year 2025, Boise Cascade reported net income of $132.8 million, or $3.53 per share, on sales of $6.4 billion. Fourth quarter and full year earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $6 million, or $0.16 per share after-tax, related to an accrual for legal proceedings in our Building Materials Distribution segment. For 2024 comparative results, see the <a href="https://www.bc.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/02/boise-cascade-quarterly-results-q4-2025.pdf">full press release</a>.</p>
<p>“While the fourth quarter reflected the expected seasonal softness in demand, I am proud of our teams for delivering strong operating results despite ongoing market headwinds,” said Nate Jorgensen, CEO. “I want to thank each Boise Cascade associate for their dedication and perseverance throughout the year. The foundation of our success remains our people and the values we live every day. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to capture opportunities when housing starts recover, supported by our resilient business model and strategic investments in both our distribution and EWP manufacturing businesses. As I prepare to retire, I am deeply grateful for the Board of Directors’ support and for the strength of our leadership team. I have great confidence in Jeff as he steps into the role of CEO. His vision, experience, and steadfast commitment to our values will serve Boise Cascade well as we advance our objectives and create long-term value for our stakeholders.”</p>
<p>Read the <a href="https://www.bc.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/02/boise-cascade-quarterly-results-q4-2025.pdf">full press release</a> for more information.</p>
<p><strong>Investor Contact:</strong>  Chris Forrey, <a href="mailto:investor@bc.com">investor@bc.com</a><br />
<strong>Media Contact:</strong>  Amy Evans, <a href="mailto:mediarelations@bc.com">mediarelations@bc.com</a></p>
<p><strong>About Boise Cascade<br />
</strong>Boise Cascade is one of the largest U.S. wholesale distributors of building materials and a leading manufacturer of engineered wood products and plywood in North America. Our integrated model and national distribution footprint position us to deliver outstanding service to our customers across a broad range of industry-leading products, including key structural products that we produce. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, we operate more than 60 distribution and manufacturing facilities strategically located across the U.S. and Canada. Our work is powered by a dedicated team of over 7,500 people. For more information, visit: <a href="https://www.bc.com/company/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">Boise Cascade | Our Company</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Webcast and Conference Call<br />
</strong>Boise Cascade will host a webcast and conference call to discuss fourth quarter and full year earnings on Tuesday, February 24, 2026, at 11 a.m. Eastern.</p>
<p>To join the webcast, go to the <a href="http://www.bc.com/investors">Investors</a> section of this website and select the Event Calendar link. Analysts and investors who wish to ask questions during the Q&amp;A session can register for the call <a href="https://dpregister.com/DiamondPassRegistration/register?confirmationNumber=10205784&amp;linkSecurityString=10311d699b0">here</a>.</p>
<p>The archived webcast will be available in the <a href="http://www.bc.com/investors">Investors</a> section of this website.</p>
<p><strong>Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures<br />
</strong>We refer to the terms EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Segment EBITDA in this earnings release and the accompanying Quarterly Statistical Information as supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by or presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). We define EBITDA as income before interest (interest expense and interest income), income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Additionally, we disclose Adjusted EBITDA, which further adjusts EBITDA to exclude the change in fair value of interest rate swaps. We also disclose Segment EBITDA, which is segment income (loss) before depreciation and amortization.</p>
<p>We believe EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Segment EBITDA are meaningful measures because they present a transparent view of our recurring operating performance and allow management to readily view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons, and identify strategies to improve operating performance. We also believe EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Segment EBITDA are useful to investors because they provide a means to evaluate the operating performance of our segments and our Company on an ongoing basis using criteria that are used by our management and because they are frequently used by investors and other interested parties when comparing companies in our industry that have different financing and capital structures and/or tax rates. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Segment EBITDA, however, are not measures of our liquidity or financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income, income from operations, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. The use of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Segment EBITDA instead of net income or segment income (loss) have limitations as analytical tools, including: the inability to determine profitability; the exclusion of interest expense, interest income, and associated significant cash requirements; and the exclusion of depreciation and amortization, which represent unavoidable operating costs. Management compensates for these limitations by relying on our GAAP results. Our measures of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Segment EBITDA are not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to potential inconsistencies in the methods of calculation. For a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA and segment income (loss) to Segment EBITDA, please see the section titled, “Summary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Segment Information” within our full press release.</p>
<p><strong>Forward-Looking Statements<br />
</strong>This press release contains statements concerning future events and expectations, including, without limitation, statements relating to our outlook. These statements constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance, often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “outlook,” “potential,” “plans,” “predicts,” “preliminary,” “projects,” “targets,” “may,” “may result,” or similar expressions, are not statements of historical facts and may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve estimates, assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, and may differ materially from actual results, performance, or outcomes. Factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements include those factors set forth in Boise Cascade’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent reports filed by Boise Cascade with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and the following important factors: the commodity nature of a portion of our products and their price movements, which are driven largely by general economic conditions, industry capacity and operating rates, industry cycles that affect supply and demand, and net import and export activity; the highly competitive nature of our industry; declines in demand for our products due to competing technologies or materials, as well as changes in building code provisions; disruptions to information systems used to process and store customer, employee, and vendor information, as well as the technology that manages our operations and other business processes; material disruptions and/or major equipment failure at our manufacturing facilities; declining demand for residual byproducts, particularly wood chips generated in our manufacturing operations; labor disruptions, shortages of skilled and technical labor, or increased labor costs; product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; the cost and availability of third-party transportation services used to deliver the goods we distribute and manufacture, as well as our raw materials; cost and availability of raw materials, particularly wood fiber; the need to successfully formulate and implement succession plans for key members of our management team; our ability to execute our organic growth and acquisition strategies efficiently and effectively; failures or delays with new or existing technology systems and software platforms; our ability to successfully pursue our long-term growth strategy related to innovation and digital technology; concentration of our sales among a relatively small group of customers, as well as the financial condition and creditworthiness of our customers; impairment of our long-lived assets, goodwill, and/or intangible assets; substantial ongoing capital investment costs, including those associated with organic growth and acquisitions, and the difficulty in offsetting fixed costs related to those investments; our indebtedness, including the possibility that we may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings may not be available in amounts sufficient to fulfill our debt obligations and fund other liquidity needs; restrictive covenants contained in our debt agreements; changes in or failure to comply with laws and regulations; changes in foreign trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs; compliance with data privacy and security laws and regulations; the impacts of climate change and related legislative and regulatory responses intended to reduce climate change; cost of compliance with government regulations, in particular, environmental regulations; exposure to product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, and other claims; and fluctuations in the market for our equity.</p>
<p>It is not possible to predict or identify all risks and uncertainties that might affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and, consequently, our descriptions of such risks and uncertainties should not be considered exhaustive. There is no guarantee that any of the events anticipated by these forward-looking statements will occur, and if any of the events do occur, there is no guarantee what effect they will have on the company’s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and future prospects. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.</p>
<p>The post <a href="https://www.bc.com/boise-cascade-reports-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2025-results/">Boise Cascade reports fourth quarter and full year 2025 results</a> appeared first on <a href="https://www.bc.com">Boise Cascade</a>.</p>
